added variable to disabled central support if specified (#188)
common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment: .changeset/nasty-dingos-allow.md

---
"@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": patch
---

> added variable to enable or disable centralised support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centralised support can now be disabled by setting the variable centralised_support to false.
```
